I had hope not to part with you until 18
of the soonest but with such a fine
match it will be selfish with me not to
let you go the Duke of Devonshire he
loves me yes of course
we met him twice and I do believe you
will be happy with him I shall mama I
know I shall the Duchess of Devonshire
[Music]
what do they want to see me and my new
wife you'll get used to it
how's the campaign going terribly
perhaps we could use my ability to draw
attention to our advantage is upon us we
shall not go back to the old ways
I fail to comprehend how far we are
fully committed to the concept of
freedom freedom and moderation
the concept of freedom is an absolute
you will give up your politics and
settle down to the task at hand
providing the Juke with a son I asked
but two things when we went boil tea and
a male heir is it always like this
as they say that Jukka da Vinci must be
the only man not in love with his wife
what is going on nothing to concern you
mr. gray your grace he's in love with
you my idea best no he is not
can't you tell by the way he looks at
you do you think it's me we went up
together
are you more than anything else is
dangerous passages my god are you
determined to make me a total
laughingstock one single thing of my own
you must leave and be with me a free
woman now let's just leave now
Lord give him up this will be the
mistake of your life no I meant that
many years ago over London is talk to me
let them talk you can't ask me to battle
nature in my own heart
now
[Music]